---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pomeriumzero_cluster_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pomeriumzero"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Pomerium Zero Cluster Settings.
---

# pomeriumzero_cluster_settings (Resource)

Manages Pomerium Zero Cluster Settings.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address` (String) The address of the Pomerium Zero cluster.
- `authenticate_service_url` (String) The URL of the authentication service (required if using custom IDP).
- `auto_apply_changesets` (Boolean) Whether to automatically apply changesets.
- `cookie_expire` (String) The expiration time for cookies.
- `cookie_http_only` (Boolean) Whether cookies should be HTTP only.
- `cookie_name` (String) The name of the cookie used for authentication.
- `default_upstream_timeout` (String) The default timeout for upstream requests.
- `dns_lookup_family` (String) The DNS lookup family to use (e.g., 'v4', 'v6').
- `identity_provider` (String) The identity provider to use for authentication. If not set, Hosted Authenticate will be used.
- `identity_provider_client_id` (String) The client ID for the identity provider (required if using custom IDP).
- `identity_provider_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the identity provider (required if using custom IDP).
- `identity_provider_url` (String) The URL of the identity provider (required if using custom IDP).
- `log_level` (String) The log level for the Pomerium Zero cluster.
- `pass_identity_headers` (Boolean) Whether to pass identity headers to upstream services.
- `proxy_log_level` (String) The log level for the proxy component.
- `skip_xff_append` (Boolean) Whether to skip appending X-Forwarded-For headers.
- `timeout_idle` (String) The idle timeout for connections.
- `timeout_read` (String) The read timeout for connections.
- `timeout_write` (String) The write timeout for connections.
- `tracing_sample_rate` (Number) The sampling rate for tracing.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the cluster settings.
